.\" Manpage for apod-bg
.\" Contact slspeek@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "31 Oct 2014" "1.0" "apod-bg man page"
.SH NAME
apod-bg \- downloads and set as wallpaper images from Astronomy Picture of The Day
.SH SYNOPSIS
apod-bg <-apod|-config=<barewm|gnome|lxde>|-fetch=N|-info|-jump=[-]N|-log=logfile|-login|-mode>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Downloads and displays NASA Astronomy Picture of The Day as wallpaper.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-apod
opens default browser on the Astronomy Picture of The Day
.TP
\-config=<barewm|gnome|lxde>
initializes apod-bg for chosen window-manager. If lxde was chosen, an autostart entry will be added as well.
.TP
\-unconfig
removes the apod-bg.desktop file from $HOME/.config/autostart/
.TP
\-fetch=<count>
days to go back downloading
.TP
\-info
open the APOD-page on the current background
.TP
\-jump=N
jump N backgrounds further, use negative numbers to jump backward
.TP
\-log=path/to/logfile
overrides the default log file location which is $HOME/.config/apod-bg/apod-bg.log
.TP
\-login
do the procedure for a graphical login: download todays image and display it
.TP
\-mode
toggle background sizing options: fit or zoom
.TP
\-random
shows a random archived wallpaper
.TP
\-date
runs as if the clock was set to date (mostly for testing, but usable with fetch)
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Configure your window-manager for apod-bg to be a bare window-manager like awesome, i3 or twm
.B apod-bg
\-config=barewm
.PP
.TP
Login option is used when calling apod-bg in your ~/.xinit or session-startup-programs.
.B apod-bg
\-login
.PP
.SH FILES
.B $HOME/.config/apod-bg/config.json
.TP
contains the configurable option WallpaperDir
.SH CONFIGURATION OF SHORTCUTS
See /user/share/doc/apod-bg-git/i3wm.config for an example on how to configure i3. And
see /usr/share/doc/apod-bg-git/lxde.config on how to configure the shortcuts for LXDE.
.SH EXIT STATUS
returns a zero status if it succeeds. Non zero is returned in case of failure.
.SH SEE ALSO
feh(1), pcmanfm(1), i3(1)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Steven L. Speek (slspeek@gmail.com)
